v10.2: Permissions on Variants (#4334)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Fundamentals/Backoffice/Variants/index.md

2. Open the **Permissions** page.
3. Toggle **Allow vary by culture**.
    ![Allowing variance on doc types](images/allow-variance_v10.png)

To allow a property on the Document Type to be varied it will have to be enabled for the property:

![Allowing variance on properties](images/varying-properties_v10.png)

## Working with Language Variants on content

When you return to your content node you will notice two things:

1. At the top of the Content tree there will now be a dropdown so you can show the Content tree in the language of your choice.
2. To the right of the content name there is now a dropdown where you can select a language. You can also open a split view so you can see two languages at once.

    ![Allowing variance on properties](images/varying-content_v10.png)

Each Property Editor that does not allow variants (an Invariant Property) will by default need to be unlocked in order to be edited. The lock exists to make it clear that this change will affect more languages, as the value of the invariant properties are shared between all variants on the website.

![How an invariant property looks when it is locked](images/invariant-property-locked.png)

:::note

> Whether or not the lock is enabled on the invarient properties depend on the `AllowEditInvariantFromNonDefault`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether or not the lock is enabled on the invariant properties depends on the `AllowEditInvariantFromNonDefault` setting in the `appsettings.json` file.
```

> On projects starting on Umbraco 10.2 or later versions the setting is `true` by default. Was the project upgraded to 10.2 or later, the setting will be `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For projects using version Umbraco 10.2 or later, the setting is `true`, by default. If the project is upgraded to version 10.2 or later, you will need to add the `AllowEditInvariantFromNonDefault` setting in the `appsettings.json` file.
